README.md, before:

# hash.h
WORK IN PROGRESS!
## TL;DR
Header Only hash table library written in C, using separate chaining, built for pedagogical purposes.
## Philosophy
This library is fragment of a broader pedagogical agenda I currently hold, where I seek to build a large project (e.g. an ML framework) using only libc and tooling that I myself create on top of it. For this reason, in any sub project, like this hash-tables library, or my recent [unit testing framework](https://github.com/SorerBOT/cunit.h), missing features, or non-optimal algorithms only problematic once they become the bottleneck of the mother-project. My aspiration, is that by doing so I will learn more about important algorithms and use naïve solutions to problems that are not focal to my scope.

## Top Features
* Header Only: file is single and ready to mingle! 😉

## How does it work?
* Collisions are handled via separate chaining.
* Values are stored as `void` pointers.

## Usage Example
```c
#define HASH_IMPLEMENTATION
#include "../src/hash.h"

int main()
{
    int my_favorite_number = 7;
    const int* value = NULL;

    hash_table_t* table = hash_init();
    hash_set(table, "My Favorite Number", &my_favorite_number);
    value = hash_get(table, "My Favorite Number");
    printf("My favorite number is: %d\n", *value); // My favorite number is: 7

    return 0;
}

```

Commit message:

Update README.md with separate chaining ASCII diagram

README.md, after:

# Separate chaining (ASCII diagram)

This diagram demonstrates separate chaining for a hash table: an array of buckets where each bucket holds a linked list of entries to handle collisions.

```
Array (size 8)
+----+-------------------------------+
|  0 | NULL                          |
|  1 | [42] -> [90] -> NULL          |
|  2 | NULL                          |
|  3 | [17] -> NULL                  |
|  4 | [33] -> [77] -> [21] -> NULL  |
|  5 | NULL                          |
|  6 | [10] -> NULL                  |
|  7 | NULL                          |
+----+-------------------------------+
```

Explanation
- The hash function maps a key to an index in the array (e.g. `index = key % 8`).
- When multiple keys map to the same index, they are stored in a linked list at that bucket — this is separate chaining.
- Lookups, insertions, and deletions for a particular bucket require traversing that bucket's list; average time depends on load factor (number of elements / number of buckets).

Example
- Insert 33: if `33 % 8 == 1`, place `33` at the head (or tail) of bucket 1's list: bucket[1] becomes `[33] -> [42] -> [90] -> NULL` (depending on insertion policy).

Tips
- Keep load factor low (resize the array when necessary) to maintain good performance.
- Alternatively, use open addressing which stores all entries in the array itself rather than lists.
